ALPHA release! This release is a preview intended for testing purposes only!

Please DO file issues regarding features that are already implemented and not
functioning as intended. However, make sure you are running the latest revision.

Please DO NOT file issues regarding feature enhancements or missing features at
this time.

Please DO NOT file issues regarding appearance on desktop environments other than
Gnome at this time.

Features that are expected to work at this time:

    Migration of fonts and collections from the previous version.

    Font Previews

    Enabling / Disabling Fonts

    Creating / Deleting / Enabling / Disabling of Font Collections

    Font Installation
        - By drag and drop (Preferred method)
        - By using the file selector that is shown when the add button is pressed

        Note : Drag and drop should allow installation of not only individual
               font files but also entire directories and archives. The file
               selector unfortunately will not allow selection of directories.

               For now you need to restart the application manually after
               installing or removing fonts.


Features that need to be completed before release:

    Reload in place or restart automatically when fonts are installed / removed.
        - monitor user font directories for changes

    Font removal

    Help contents


Features that will likely be completed before release:

    Font Metadata viewer

    Character map details viewer

    Database search


Feature parity with previous versions is a high priority but not a blocker

    FontConfig editor
        - session-wide settings
        - per font settings
        - aliases (low priority)

    Exporting Collections
        - proof sheet
        - html?


KNOWN ISSUES

	Some desktop environments or window managers, such as the one used in Xfce, do not
	properly support using GtkHeaderBar as the titlebar yet.
	This means the application does not look as intended. 

	Some themes do not render as intended. This is a problem with the theme.
	Unless the issue also occurs when using Adwaita, or most other themes...
	

